# QuickAppsCMS Official Documentation
===================================

Welcome to the official QuickApps CMS documentation. This manual assumes that you have a
general understanding of PHP and a basic understanding of object-oriented programming
(OOP) and CakePHP framework.

## Build the Documentation Manually

### Installing the needed Packages

- Make
- Python
- Sphinx 1.4.5
- PhpDomain for sphinx >= 0.2.0

You can install dependencies using:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

**To run the pip command, python-pip package must be previously installed.**

### Building the Documentation

After installing the required packages, you can build the documentation using `make`.

```bash
# Create all the HTML docs. Including all the languages.
make html

# Create just the English HTML docs.
make html-en

# Create all the EPUB (e-book) docs.
make epub

# Create just the English EPUB docs.
make epub-en
``` 

This will generate all the documentation in an HTML form. Other output such as 'htmlhelp'
are not fully complete at this time.

### Building PDF Book

Building the PDF is a non-trivial task.

1. Install LaTeX - This varies by distribution/OS so refer to your package manager.
   You should install the full LaTeX package.
   The basic one requires many additional packages to be installed with `tlmgr`
2. Run `make latex-en`
2. Run `make pdf-en`

At this point the completed PDF should be in `_build/latex/en/QuickAppsCMSBook.pdf`

## Contributing

To contribute simply fork the [official repository](https://github.com/quickapps/docs).
Please make any totally new sections in a separate branch. This makes changes far easier
to integrate later on.
